Updating README.adoc and CONTRIBUTING.adoc [DO NOT READ] (#4928)
input-output-hk/plutus: README.adoc

> :toc: left

Author: I've taken the liberty to shrink the README, and moved all development related stuff to CONTRIBUTING
Created a Development section and moved it right below Introduction.
My line of reasoning was: If I want to contribute, I do want a short Introduction to the project, and then I just want to know: "How to I build this?"

====

> [[cache-warning]]

Reviewer: I guess this is no longer such a big deal now we have the config in flake.nix. Hooray!

Author: 🥳  the cache warning has been rephrased and moved to the `How to get a shell environment with tools` section

[[how-to-develop]]
=== How to develop and contribute to the project

This project uses Nix flakes and provides a development shell via `nix develop`.

Once inside the shell you will be presented with a menu of available commands.

From there you can build and test your haskell code using `cabal`.

> **Please read link:CONTRIBUTING{outfilesuffix}[CONTRIBUTING] for comprehensive instructions on how to setup Nix and a description of our processes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please read link:CONTRIBUTING{outfilesuffix}[CONTRIBUTING] for more comprehensive documentation on how to contribute to the project, including development and submitting changes.**
```

=== How to submit an issue

Issues can be filed in the https://github.com/input-output-hk/plutus/issues[GitHub Issue tracker].

> However, note that this is pre-release software, so we will not usually be providing support.

Reviewer: Delete, this is less true now!

=== How to depend on the project from another Haskell project

> None of our libraries are on Hackage, unfortunately (many of our dependencies aren't either).

Reviewer: This is out-of-date! Hooray! I'll update this later, though.

The https://github.com/input-output-hk/plutus-starter[plutus-starter] project provides an example.

== Documentation

=== User documentation

The main documentation is located https://plutus.readthedocs.io/en/latest/[here].

=== Talks

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpWeg6Fg0t8[Functional Smart Contracts on Cardano (2020)]: an overview of the ideas behind the Plutus Platform.
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usMPt8KpBeI[The Plutus Platform (2020)]: an overview of the Platform as a whole (including the Application Framework) at the time.

=== Specifications and design

> - https://hydra.iohk.io/job/Cardano/plutus/linux.docs.plutus-report/latest/download-by-type/doc-pdf/plutus[Plutus Technical Report (draft)]: a technical report and design document for the project.

Reviewer: We need to work out how to get these from cicero...

Author: That's right, ill make a Jira story
